What is a potential issue with converting values to strings without control?
    It will add extra 0s.

How can you control the way a value is converted to a string?
    You can use stringstream to control the way a value is converted.

Why is it useful to create a reusable function for converting values to strings?
    It is useful because the standard to_string is strange.

What is parsing in the context of working with strings?
    Parcing is extracting information from a string.

How do you extract specific information from a string in programming?
    You use the input operator.

When a title contains a space, which function should you use to read it properly?
    Use scanf().

Why might extra zeros be added to a string when converting a value without control?
    It adds extra zeros because it's filling in for the spaces that are implied to be 0.

How does controlling the string conversion process benefit your program?
    It benefits your program by giving you more control of the outputs.

Give an example scenario where parsing a string would be necessary in a program.
    Parsing would be useful for converting text files or CSVs into data.

When writing to a binary file, what does the first parameter (reinterpret_cast<char*>(&numbers)) represent?
    The first parameter represent the conversion between binary and the data types.

Why does the binary file only take 12 bytes while the array of integers might be larger?
    It takes up less space because it is in binary.

What is the main difference between sequential search and binary search?
    Sequential search works for ordered and unorderd lists and binary search only works for ordered lists.

In which type of data structure is binary search most efficient?
    Binary search is most efficient when the list is ordered.

What is a key requirement for binary search to work correctly on a list?
    The key requirement is that the list is ordered.

How does sequential search find an item in a list?
    It finds an item by going through every item up until the item.

Why is binary search generally faster than sequential search for large, sorted lists?
    It's faster because it goes through less items.
